feat(tab-nav-drawer, tabs): Disable animation. #7157 (#8255)
IgniteUI/igniteui-angular: CHANGELOG.md

    - **Breaking Change** - Deprecated the `label` property.
- `igxGridActions`
    - Added `asMenuItems` Input for grid actions - `igx-grid-editing-actions`, `igx-grid-pinning-actions`. When set to true will render the related action buttons as separate menu items with button and label.
- `igxNavigationDrawer`

>     - Added `disableAnimation` input property which enables/disables the animation for the opening and the closing of the drawer. Set to `false` by default.

Author: Changed as suggested.

- `igxTabs`

>     - Added `disableAnimation` input property which enables/disables the animation for transition of the content of the tabs. Set to `false` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Added `disableAnimation` property which enables/disables the transition animation of the tabs' content. Set to `false` by default.
```

Author: Changed as suggested.
